DevOps Tools:

Linux: Linux is an operating system. he operating system manages the communication between your software and your hardware. Without the operating system (OS), the software wouldn’t function.

JIRA: Plan, Track and manage agile and software development projects management

Git: Git is a Distributed version control system tool used for tracking changes in computer files. It is generally used for source code management in software development.

Git Hub: It is an Internet hosting service for software development and version control using Git. It provides the distributed version control of Git plus access control, bug tracking, software feature requests, task management, and continuous integration.

Jenkins: Jenkins is an open-source automation server. It helps automate the parts of software development related to building, testing, and deploying, facilitating continuous integration and continuous delivery. It is a server-based system that runs in servlet containers such as Apache Tomcat.

Nexus: Use Nexus to store and manage binaries, build artifacts, and Docker containers within your OpenShift environment.

SonarQube: SonarQube is an open-source platform developed by Sonar Source for continuous inspection of code quality to perform automatic reviews with static analysis of code to detect bugs and code smells on 29 programming languages.

Fortify: Fortify Software Security Center: An AppSec platform that enables organizations to automate an application security program. It provides management, development, and security teams a way to work together to triage, track, validate, and manage software security activities.

Docker: Docker is an open platform for developing, shipping, and running applications. Docker enables you to separate your applications from your infrastructure so you can deliver software quickly. With Docker, you can manage your infrastructure in the same ways you manage your applications.

Docker Swarm: A Docker Swarm is a container orchestration tool running the Docker application. It has been configured to join together in a cluster. Docker Swarm is a clustering and scheduling tool for Docker containers.

Kubernetes: Kubernetes is an open-source container orchestration system for automating software deployment, scaling, and management. Originally designed by Google, the project is now maintained by the Cloud Native Computing Foundation.

Ansible or Puppet: Ansible is a suite of software tools that enables infrastructure as code. It is open-source and the suite includes software provisioning, configuration management, and application deployment functionality.

Prometheus Grafana or Nagios - Prometheus is a monitoring solution for storing time series data like metrics. Grafana allows us to visualize the data stored in Prometheus.

MySQL: MySQL is an open-source relational database management system. Its name is a combination of "My", the name of co-founder Michael Widenius's daughter My, and "SQL", the acronym for Structured Query Language.

Tableau: Tableau Software is an American interactive data visualization software company focused on business intelligence. Tableau to visualize data and reveal patterns for analysis in business intelligence, making the data more understandable.

Incident Monitoring: Incident management is the process used by DevOps and IT Operations teams to respond to an unplanned event or service interruption and restore the service to its operational state. 

DevOps: DevOps is a methodology in the software development and IT industry. Used as a set of practices and tools, DevOps integrates and automates the work of software development and IT operations as a means for improving and shortening the systems development life cycle.

AWS: Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world's most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud, offering over 200 fully featured services from data centers globally. It is a subsidiary of Amazon that provides on-demand cloud computing platforms and APIs to individuals, companies, and governments, on a metered, pay-as-you-go basis. Oftentimes, clients will use this in combination with autoscaling.
